#labels Featured,Phase-Support,ChangeLog
#The change history of TabIMSwitch

=== Version 1.1.0.32 (September 4, 2007)===
  * [New!] Added more detailed input method control, such as Chinese Half Shape mode or Full Shape Mode, Japanese Hiragana/Katakana Mode.

=== Version 1.1.0.1 Beta (August 19, 2007)===
  * Changed the debugging settings to !FireFox preference system.
  * Added advanced debug logging system to the extension.
  * Separate multiple language environment support with single language environment, to avoid adding English input method automatically. 

=== Version 1.0.0.9 (August 9, 2007)===
  * Fixed a critical error when building the extension: Old extensions are all built with dynamic linking to VS8 CRT lib, which will cause the extension failed to be load. From this version, changed to static link.
  * Changed the automatic update link, since the old link is not able to be modified.
  * This is the first stable version which is publicly released on [http://addons.mozine.cn/firefox/610/ mozine.cn]

=== Version 1.0.0.7 (August 2, 2007)===
  * Fixed some bugs when the input method is not able to change correctly sometimes.
  * Also added valid update.rdf links in

=== Version 1.0.0.4 (July 29, 2007)===
  * Added the feature when changing input focus to URL bar, close input method automatically.
  * This is the first public version.

=== Version 1.0.0.1 (July 28, 2007)===
  * The first runnable version, from then, TabIMSwitch was born.
  * The birthday: *28, July 2007, China Standard Time (GMT+08:00)*