#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Tutorial
= TabIMSwitch Tutorial =

Other languages: *[TutorialZhcn 简体中文]* *[TutorialJa 日本語]*

== What is it? ==

TabIMSwitch is a !FireFox extension. When you are using !FireFox, you may have suffered inconvinent caused by the lack of Input Method support. This extension is designed to enable !FireFox switching Input Method intelligently.

= How to Start =

TabIMSwitch is so simple that no configuration is needed. Just [http://code.google.com/p/tabimswitch/downloads/list download] the current version of TabIMSwitch and drag-and-drop it to your !FireFox window, click Yes to install the extension, and you can get the benefit of this tool.

= After install, what should I do? =

After installed TabIMSwitch, seems nothing changed for !FireFox? What should I do to known if it works?

TabIMSwitch is designed as a background extension, it just provide new features without bother you about configuring it. So there are no additional GUI for it.

To know if the new function is provided, type chrome://tabimswitch/content/testing.xul in your address bar, and you will see a testing page for TabIMSwitch. Follow the guide on that page to determine if it works.

*Known issue: * On Windows XP and Vista, you may found TabIMSwitch does not work correct, please close the Advanced Text Services. More information, refer to [KnownIssues Known Issue Page]

== How to Use? ==

Browse the Internet and use the !FireFox as usual. But you may feel more convenient about switching the input method.

== How to feed back? ==

If you are a GMail user, you may already find a "Enter a comment" below. Feel free to type your comments here.

If you are not able to comment here, draft an email to us (the project members), with your questions and/or suggestions. Notice that the author can only read English, Chinese, and limited Japanese. 

If you are a Chinese user, you can also post comments on [http://forums.mozine.cn/index.php?showtopic=17833 mozine.cn forum].